# template for online cannabis shops! 
++this is specifically for "White Label" Cannabis company website++ *in progress (awaiting initial payment, as well as agreement of future payments or continued communication with inventory department who can and will edit their repository on github so that the web devs can make the necassary changes promptly.)

 

this industry has so many doors besides just retail/wholesale sales; theres openings for people with and without CDLs to get their llc or work with the veterans association to provide vets of all ages with armed (non lethal) security, transportation security, growing facility security, overall cannabis security. lol call it "Vetsecure" (categories/differennt branches of the security force would then be issued their corresponding category and give a brief description of their overall master objective. 


this is something ive been pasionate about for majority of my life, ive developed my own strains and from my experience in the health-care department i can say im going to do whatever i can to make cannabis more openly used as a drug rehabilitation method as well as integrating cannabis into physical and psych therapy. not to bore you lol. lately been getting the cold shoulder by people in the scene who want to be greedy and hog it all for themselves. forcing us into different roles. if only someone made it easier for local guys to connect and get their product out their besides paying some jerk off money to sell your product for 10 times the amount you would but people do it cause they feel more safe doing that and since its a nice enviornment wellllll why not right? lol 

disclosure for everyone: failure to do so will result in no administration changes being made to the site, after 30 days of non-communication and/or at any given time because of the lack of proper communication the domain at which the company has their site will be taken down/credentials and sold at some online domain auction to collect reimbersment for wasted time and any money that is or was or going to be spent on the custom domain, extra expenses, out of my own pocket will immediately be reimbursed by whomever the contracted company is financially responsible for the company.. can be split between multiple custodians on the company paperwork, can be a signed tishue paper, as long as i get compensated for the work im good.   *that has inventory items both on hand incoming and available for pre-order. sub-contractors working in the cannabis industry specifically geared towards the online marketing and networking to provide local in-town growers and up-coming small business dispensers with the necassary templates and online marketing skills to actually follow through with the dreams their chasing. so lets make ours first by adding any thoughtful inserts to this open source template for website dev or ideas that can be added to the actual websites at any time. this way you can reach out to your community and be able to get insight from local vendors in your area state or country. ****cannabis has been utilized used as a religious sacrament, in the medicinal/pharmaceutical industry  for centuries, for real look it up! now that wicca is a recognized (internationally) religion. goionm deep here but if youre interested check it out,. this is just a template that can be used by licensed companies by contacting me and ill lyk whats up.
